1. One day Phil and Leon went to the canal. They were going fishing. There seemed to be no-one else around. They chose the best place. They started to get out the rods. Then there was a loud splash. Then there was a scream. Phil and Leon looked up. They saw something moving in the water. Then they saw a hand waving. Someone had fallen in the water.

2.  Every country educates its children differently. Each country can improve its educational system. Studying other countries can help improve countries’ educational systems. Individual states control their schools in the United States. The French Ministry of National Education, Advanced Instruction, and Research, a centralized government institution, controls schools in France. Schools in the vicinity of these nations differ greatly in light of the fact of those countries' differences. 

3. Children learn by experience. Children need to have a variety of experiences in order to learn all they need for life. Experiences children need include those with adults, and experiences on their own. Children who spend too much time in front of a screen do not have sufficient experience. Children should have the opportunity to explore the outdoors as well, which has the potential to create a very unique experience for them.

4. Writing can be hard. Students who do not like writing may feel like it is too heavily emphasized in schools at the present time. Schools that do not emphasize writing have the potential to see poor performance from their graduates at a later point in time. Graduates who are not well prepared to write well outside of school owing to the fact that their schools did not emphasize writing have the potential to be poorly prepared for the workforce.

5. The research and development (R & D) described in this document was conducted within the U. S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Solar Thermal Technology Program. The goal of the Solar Thermal Technology Program is to advance the engineering understanding of solar thermal technology at the present time and to establish the technology base from which industry can develop solar thermal power. The future of industrial solar thermal power involves an introduction into the national energy supply.

6. The Solar Thermal Technology program is directing efforts to advance promising system concepts in solar thermal technology. The program is also attempting to improve promising system concepts. The program is carrying out efforts in light of the fact that the DOE and its network of national laboratories have made this effort a priority. The program for improving performance and creating technically proven options for incorporation into the national energy supply appears to be fully on track in the event that it secures appropriate funding going forward.

7. To be successful in contributing appropriately to an adequate national energy supply at at a reasonable and appropriate cost, solar thermal energy must eventually be economically competitive with a variety of energy sources. To effectively compete with coal and natural gas, solar thermal energy must be developed with a variety of appropriate components and system-level performance targets. To meet performance targets, planning must occur that has the potential to completely eliminate routine failures, as has been discussed previously.
